Documentation Standard Updates (#17)
fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads: README.md

</p>

# Tiktok Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_tiktok_ads/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Tiktok Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/tiktok-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/tiktok-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Tiktok Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads_source).
- Creates reports on daily marketing performance across various levels of granularity.
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Tiktok Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_tiktok_ads/).

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_tiktok_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **model**                    | **description**                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section=“tiktok_ads_transformation_model"-->

The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_tiktok_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                    | **Description**                                                                                                        |
```

| [tiktok_ads__campaign_report](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/blob/main/models/tiktok_ads__campaign_report.sql)                     | Each record represents the daily performance for each campaign. |
| [tiktok_ads__advertiser_report](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/blob/main/models/tiktok_ads__advertiser_report.sql)                     | Each record represents the daily performance for each account. |
| [tiktok_ads__ad_report](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/blob/main/models/tiktok_ads__ad_report.sql)                     | Each record represents the daily performance for each ad. This also includes additional data on the demographics you are targeting. |
| [tiktok_ads__url_report](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_tiktok_ads/blob/main/models/tiktok_ads__url_report.sql)                     | Each record in this table represents the daily performance of URLs at the ad level. This also includes additional data on the demographics you are targeting.

> ## How do I use the dbt package?

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?
```
